So we've already been seeing examples of objects playing around with him, but I want to be more specific
now, how do we create objects?
Well, in other programming languages, you need a class to create an object.
But in JavaScript, an object as a standalone entity, there is no need for classes.
And if you actually take a step back and you look under the hood, JavaScript doesn't have a true class.
Everything in JavaScript is pretty much an object.
So the question is will, then how do we create an object?
We've already seen some ways that we've created objects, but I want to stress this there is no right
way to create an object.
That's right.
You can choose.
And that's what makes JavaScript very dynamic and awesome.
It's very flexible.
You must just use whatever method suits your situation at that point in time.
What all the different ways we can create an object in JavaScript.
Well, I can break it down into full.
You could object literal object constructor, object create and you've got this New Year's class and
I guess it's only natural.
Let's start with the very first one.
An object literal.
An object literals also known as an object laser.
The reason they call it an initializes to be consistent with other terminology used in other programming
languages like C++ and creating an object flying object literal is one of the easiest ways to create
a variable in JavaScript.
All you need to do is to find property values inside curly braces.
We've seen this we've done examples where we said it by equal and we had these curly braces.
And what we do within the curly braces, we use a comment to separate multiple key value plays.
Let's have a look at another example of how to create an object by object.
Literal syntax.